Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
I have this video for you.
We worked on it really hard.
Well, we...
I don't want to...
Don't grab my little pinky toes.
Braden worked on it really hard, my son.
I didn't do anything.
I told him what the Holy Spirit showed me.
I want him to play some of this word that was given to us.
When did this happen?
I think it was around springtime.
I remember it was springtime.
Okay.
And he warned us of a major escalation with the BRICS and with China and North Korea.
But this word stood out to me.
It stood out to me and I've been praying over this word that the Lord gave us a lot.
So, April 7th of this year, 2025.
And I believe we're about to see something.
I truly believe we're about to see some of these things.
So, I want you to watch part of this and we'll just watch a little bit of it together and you can listen to it because a lot of people are new here and you need to have your memory a little refreshed or just know what the Lord has said on the border of North Korea and South Korea.
I see it.
Can you hear it?
If it has sound, tell us in the chat.
Explosion.
I see fire.
I see almost like what you'd see when you say TNT across it.
And I see the fire coming out of it.
And it's fire, and it's like a bomb went off on the border of South Korea and North Korea.
And on the far west side where it's at, not all the way out into the ocean, but right in there, I see some kind of a disturbance there.
There's a disturbance trying to break out war there.
Trying to break out war.
And now I see China provoking.
It's like a provoking right here with North Korea, and China backing North Korea.
It's what I've seen again with Kim Jong-un being backed by China and Russia, bringing forth this alliance with the BRICS.
Why would North Korea want a war with South Korea?
What is that all about?
What in the world?
You know, it's about China.
I see China trying to rise up like a dragon, a great dragon.
But in the days ahead, you'll see movement.
Now, I'm not saying when.
I see a movement.
China coming up, trying to come up like out of a volcano.
I see a red dragon coming up out of a volcano as a fierce dragon.
I see fire coming from the dragon's mouth, flaming toward South Korea.
I see flames coming out of the mouth.
Now, I see Japan again.
I see Japan.
He's being promised a lot.
North Korea, Kim Jong-un, they're being promised a lot.
It makes him confident.
There are secret meetings.
I'm telling you, there are secret meetings.
It's like what I see about North Korea, China, and Russia becoming one.
And then I see Iran.
And I see an alliance of these countries, almost like they're thinking as one, like a covenant.
And then, oh, I was going to Venezuela, and I see Venezuela being promised things.
And now I'm in Cuba, and I see Cuba being promised things.
And I see alliances of Cuba, Venezuela, and the countries that have been like outcasts.
Afghanistan, it's like there are minerals.
There's something in Afghanistan that is minerals.
There's value there.
Oh, I see Taiwan.
So, South Korea and Taiwan, it's like they're alliances of America, but China wants it.
Does that make sense?
Taiwan and South Korea.
What's interesting is what I'm hearing is people only look at what they see in that year.
But what is the year?
They don't believe what we believe about the Bible.
They don't believe what we believe about the end times.
So they're looking at a 50-year projection, a 10-year projection.
Where will we be in the next how many decades?
How do we get this land like a united communism over South Korea causing war?
I saw an explosion on the border, and then I saw South Korea not be able to, like, retaliate, like China's backing up North Korea, coming to the aid, but it's all about North Korea.
And it was like a joint effort, like they're all trying to work together to make greater on their end, to make themselves greater, similar to Trump trying to say Greenland and all these other things, Canada becoming one with America.
All these like land grabs, land grabs, bettering the good further into what the new world would be.
What the new world would be, not the way the world is right now.
Russia wanting the old Soviet Union, Ukraine, Poland, wanting that old land back, calling a new, stronger Soviet Union with the new old KGB thinking, trying to play this game of chess, all lining up with the Beast system.
These people, these people are led by their own egos, trying to make their nation like this because the tariffs are tipping them off.
I saw people moving strategically.
That's very, very like Cuba lining up with Russia.
I'm telling you, I see it coming underneath those sanctions, trying to bring them out of that.
But it would be a base clear down there so strong, being so close to America.
That's very dangerous, like it was with Greenland.
It's strategic like Risk, like that game, power people moving in positions with the spirit of war.
And it is the red horse.
It's the red horse.
I saw the red horse when I looked at my wife's face.
I saw it right here.
The red horse was riding quickly.
The red horse of war is riding quickly.
And therefore, on the heels of this horse, the green horse, the chlorophyll horse, and the black horse will ride hand in hand together, for famine and pestilence will go hand in hand together.
War, war, war.
I see Hawaii.
Everything is going to change.
I don't know if I'm looking into the tribulation or not.
That went so far ahead.
Surely that's tribulation, surely.
Oh, the great mystery, Babylon.
Oh my goodness.
I see a volcano going off, and it looks...
it's right in Asia.
I don't know, it looks like it could be Japan, those islands right in there.
It's like a major volcano, a massive volcano.
I'm talking, this is a massive volcano, a massive, humongous volcano to change the face of the earth, like that big.
This is a massive volcano, and I see lava flowing down the side of this mountain.
I know it's in Asia, y'all.
I think I'm looking over into the tribulation.
Now, I'll tell you what I'm looking at.
I'm looking at Canada.
And then it went from Canada all the way into the royals with England, and I saw King Charles.
And then it went, and I just saw it barely influencing Australia.
You see Canada, England, Australia with the king, the king of England.
What is that?
I see it.
Oh, and now I'm in Ireland.
It's like a scorpion looking into that.
As I look into that, I don't even know how to describe it with words.
My vocabulary is not big enough.
It's past the tribulation.
I saw past the tribulation with a new heaven and a new earth.
Some things you just can't say out loud.
Some things I just can't speak out with my words.
It looks like beautiful, beautiful yellows and all kinds of different colors, almost like a galaxy.
But I saw new grass, I saw new land features, I saw the people coming out of...
it's like they were in like when you come out of a fraidy hole.
The people, it's like they come up in this new land, and it was green, and it was like the Garden of Eden.
It was like the Garden of Eden all over again.
Everything was alive.
The trees, everything was like what I've told you when I've seen the Garden of Eden.
Everything was new.
Like, there's no pollution.
There was no—all of it was brand new, and it happened in a moment, just like that.
But it came out of the Spirit, and it transformed everything in a matter of just a word, like, all in front of my face I could see it, and it changed, and there was a new everything.
He said, "Behold, I make all things new.
Watch.
" And all the green and all the fields, everything was fresh, like a new everything.
The sky was full of light again, but there was no darkness.
The canopy above the earth, the atmosphere above the earth, looked like beautiful colors.
I saw pinks and yellows.
I told you what was above Adam and Eve in the garden and the new heaven and the new earth.
It's like everything just changed like this and went instantaneously—I don't know how to describe it to you—but I was looking in, and it was moving like a movie screen.
Everything was coming so fast, babe.
And I could see wars.
I could see all these things and the plans.
And all of a sudden, humanity itself stopped.
And all of a sudden, everything was made new.
And we, the body, the bride—it's like we are here.
Everything was fresh and new, like a new heaven, new earth, new glory.
Everything that we have ever known is about to change for that thousand-year reign again.
I saw a glimpse of it again.
I saw it.
That doesn't happen very often, but I want to just camp there.
But when I try to describe it, I can't.
Beautiful.
I feel this fire all over me.
Oh, He has so much in store for us for a thousand years.
People better get excited about it.
I can't explain to you how green everything was.
The grass and the trees and the bushes, there was no death.
There was no death.
Like, you know, you see a dead limb here and there, outside—you go outside, there's a dead tree limb.
There were no dead brown leaves.
Everything is alive and green.
The sky is alive.
The very atmosphere is alive.
And even the grass was perfect.
It was green, but it's thick, almost like you see that old Easter basket grass.
How thick—I don't know how else to describe it to you.
Like you'd see moss on trees.
It's so thick, and like you could breathe it in and eat it, drink it, like the grass.
Everything is so alive.
And I could just look into it, but I was pulling back and I looked over here and I could see it.
And as far as I could see, there was new.
It was new, and it was beautiful, and pinks and yellows, and the sky was so alive.
But it happened as a swirl above the atmosphere, you know, like a portal opened up, and all of a sudden this portal was turning, and all of a sudden it just came out of it, all this new, and it just transformed everything.
But the portal was opened, and I could see it was like the size of a galaxy.
It was massive.
And all of a sudden, I saw this blue dot that looked like an Earth.
It came out of it, and I thought it was an atom—like an atom, like you see particles.
That's what I thought I was looking at.
But it was something new.
As I was praying about the King and all these other things, and I could see a scorpion's tail—I saw a scorpion.
It was a part of that.
And all of a sudden, I kept going and going.
It was like I was going faster and faster.
And I could see the King of England.
And I could see there was so much demonic attached to that, with the Illuminati and things like that.
And I was in the Spirit, and I could see it, and it was pulling me.
So, I gave you part of what happened that day when we prayed together.
That was the part I wanted you to see, the end of it.
He gave you a lot of the whole video, you know, about North Korea and all that.
But I wanted you to hear what's coming, to give you some hope, to get you stirred up even more.
When I go back over that and I'm hearing that again, it stirs me to intercede and start praying again.
Folks, there's so much to look forward to: a new heaven, a new earth.
Behold, He's going to make all things new.
You know, I feel to talk about what happens after the rapture.
I was praying one day, just like I always do, and I said, "Lord, how was Your day today?
What went on in Your world?
" You know, just trying to be as intimate as I can with Him.
"Hey, how are things going?
" You know, I talk to God like I talk to my son or my wife.
I'm not religious.
I just talk to Him like He is right here, an ever-present help in a time of need, because He's my friend.
And I said, "How are things going today?
" And He said, "Brendon, I'll show you what we're doing today.
" And if you want to believe this, fine.
If you don't, fine.
It was real to me, and it's what happened.
All of a sudden, a portal opened up above me, and He allowed me to come up through it, and He said, "We're getting ready for your return.
" And I saw a banquet table.
There were tables all around for the Marriage Supper of the Lamb, for a banquet, a rehearsal.
It was a wedding feast.
It was like a beautiful reception.
Everybody's plates were perfect.
Some of them looked like lilies, but they were transparent, beautiful glass plates and china and silverware.
Beautiful, beautiful place settings.
And each one of them—some of them had chopsticks on them, some of them weren't like nice silverware, some of them had chopsticks depending on your culture.
He honored the culture of the person.
But every single one of them had a place setting of your name.
There was a name on the plate, and it had your reserved seat on your plate.
Behind was a beautiful chair that was carved out of some kind of beautiful wood.
It was the most beautiful chair I've ever seen before.
All of the flowers were draping it, and it was all set up perfectly to celebrate your coming.
There's a reception coming, a reception that He has for you as we cross over.
The tables, the doilies, and the beautiful white linen were all on this table.
The tablecloth was all like lace, like somebody had crocheted it.
It was a beautiful place, and the way the table was decorated with the most beautiful flowers that were alive with fragrances—they were in these vases that were all on these tables as far as the eye could see.
Then I could see tulle.
There was big—you know how you go down in the South, in like the Louisiana area, and they have the moss on them.
When we went to Florida, they had greenery growing on the trees that looked kind of like moss, but it was dangling off the trees down in Florida.
And so much so that when I saw it, I stopped and pulled the car over because I said, "I've seen that in heaven.
" When the Lord allowed me to, I pulled over, and I broke some off the trees so I could touch it, because up in Oklahoma, we don't have that, and I've never seen that or felt it before.
And it felt soft.
But when I saw it in heaven, it was draping off the trees.
But there was beautiful tulle, beautiful white tulle and stuff wrapped in the trees with twinkle lights all inside of them—beautiful lights, lighting the trees that were draping over the tables.
And there were flowers beyond human comprehension.
There were flowers all around on these tables: white flowers, yellow flowers, red flowers.
Beautiful reception.
And all of it was being prepared for every single one of us.
And your name tag was on your plates, like I said.
And I could see my name tag.
I could see my wife's.
I could see every single one of these places that were made for every single one of us.
And it was all by our heart's desire.
Whatever is inside of you, what you're believing for, the greatest expectation, ladies and gentlemen, God has it inside there, and He's going to bring it to pass.
Watch.
And as I saw they were getting over to the side, I could see Jesus and he was riding on a white horse.
There was jewels all on the side of this horse's bridle, all around his ears.
And it was jewels.
The most beautiful jewels—the world in all the finest jewelry stores that you've ever seen cannot compare to what I saw.
The massive diamonds and the rubies and the sapphires, the beautiful splendor of heaven and the jewelry around this horse's bridle.
He was up there just like he always is with that beautiful cloak on.
His crown has a beautiful black and white embroidery around it with purple on top and jewels all over his crown.
His cape has purple and it has this black and white thing that I saw around it.
And it has this tassel that buttons it up here that's all fine jewelry and it's handcrafted.
It's gorgeous.
Gorgeous, the way that the stuff goes around his cloak.
And he was riding on the horse and I could see on these streets of gold, there was the most beautiful streets of gold.
And he was riding down this street, but there was people with banners that were on the side of the street that had 'King of Kings and Lord of Lords' all on the side of these banners.
And they were dripping in purple, the most beautiful, brilliant purple I've ever seen with gold all around them.
And they had the staffs and they were standing on the side of the street and there were people of all kinds from all kinds of generations is what I'm going to say.
The way they looked, on this side of the street there were what looked like English style homes that were cobblestone with beautiful roofs.
It looked like something out of medieval times, but it was all perfect, the way all the grout and all the stuff was on these buildings as I can remember it even still like today, I can quote it back to you perfectly.
But as he was riding down, I could hear instruments playing music that was so beautiful, beyond anything I can describe to you.
And they were playing behind him and they were having a parade.
They were parading on this gold street and they were saying, 'For he is good and his mercy endures forever; for the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
' And they were shouting and you could hear it and it was echoing all throughout the land.
I could hear it in heaven.
It was echoing and it was almost deafening how loud it was: 'For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
' And they were saying it and they just kept saying it.
And I could see this like confetti in the air.
It was like beautiful stuff flying in the air all around.
It was being kept all as he was marching in on his horse.
They were preparing for us to come.
And I could hear, 'For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
' And at the end of the road, I could see this massive castle that had the most beautiful sides.
It was a massive castle, but there was a bridge and on this bridge I could see, going through here, I could see a stream, but on the other side of the bridge, it was the most beautiful trees and the most beautiful green grass.
And there was a beautiful—all up here—a massive castle on a hill, and I still don't know what that castle is, but I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, it is the most beautiful place you can comprehend, like a gorgeous castle, and it was all kinds of stones and stuff inside this castle.
But he said, 'Brandon, there's parade practice today.
We're celebrating, getting ready to celebrate you.
I'm getting ready to come back for my church.
' He said, 'And all this is the reception for when you come home.
' The day it happens, I saw the valleys whenever we first show up and we're raptured.
I made it into heaven and I could see the beautiful green grass as far as the eye could see.
And my wife was doing cartwheels and she said, 'Brandon, we made it!
Brandon, we made it!
It truly happened, we're here!
' And she was doing cartwheels and somersaults all inside of this grass.
And I was just at the top of the hill watching her roll down the hill, just excited to be there, rolling down and just rejoicing and praising the Lord that it finally had happened.
I remember just looking out over the edge of it all, and there were beautiful mountains, beautiful mountains in heaven with snow on the top.
Everything was gorgeous.
And I remember just looking at the grass and all the flowers, and I was trying to take it in, this vision, this impartation that I was having, and I didn't want to leave it.
I thought, 'Oh, God.
I look for the day when he comes, ladies and gentlemen, but we have so much work to do to tell the people that he's coming.
He's standing at the door of eternity.
Grace as we know it is about to change.
We're about to step into the tribulation.
Do you understand?
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
Tribulation is about to begin.
' And that's what I try to tell you all, that I don't believe we're going through the tribulation.
The church, the ones that have their lamps full of oil—there were 10 virgins, five had their lamps full and five didn't.
I believe he comes back for the ones that have their lamps full.
And all the beauty of the trees and the flowers.
Even whenever I saw Lucy, you know, I've told you that a couple weeks ago, they were all praying and interceding for what's happening on the earth, calling for a revival.
Lucy was there and Brother Halverson and there were so many others.
They were on this beautiful quilt.
If you have not seen that, you can watch it.
It just happened a couple weeks ago when the Lord warned us about this and he said, 'They're praying for revival in Minnesota.
They're praying for revival in these areas, ladies and gentlemen.
' And I truly believe we're at the edge of something major that is about to take place.
And as you've seen what I tried to describe to you with my English vocabulary the best I could, of what the new heaven and the new earth, what he is creating for us for the thousand years, is the most beautiful.
We've never experienced anything like the lion and the lamb lying together.
We've never experienced not experiencing death or pain or suffering of any kind.
Some people wake up with a headache, some people might wake up with a toothache.
Who knows?
We all have a body that is dying every day.
We get closer and closer to the day we're going home.
But when we have our glorified body and we're over there with the Father, oh, what a day!
You know, what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all get to heaven, we'll sing and shout the victory.
When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be.
When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory.
Those old hymns mean something.
They weren't written to win a Dove Award; they were written just because they wanted to worship Jesus.
I still pull them out.
My wife got me an old song book because I like to look at those old songs.
But the most important part today is knowing that we're so close to something major about to happen.
And I tell you all this to fan that flame inside of you, to give you a hope, that even if Charlie wanted to come back—you know, people said, 'Brandon, raise him from the dead.
' He stepped over; he was over there too long, folks.
Do you understand?
It'd be like pulling teeth to try to get him to come back.
Once you experience the glory, once you experience the splendor and the majesty of heaven, the smells, the fragrances, the beauty of what he has for us, with just the glimpses that I've been given that I've treasured for so long, I'll never forget it.
It's like Diana says, when she had a visitation the other night, she said, "I didn't want to wake up from it.
" Things that we don't share publicly.
"I didn't want to wake up from it.
I just wanted to stay there.
I fought so bad.
Please don't let me wake up from this because it was such a beautiful encounter with the Father.
" God is no respecter of persons.
And the same Holy Spirit that visits us, and the visitations that my wife and I have, and my children have, I'm telling you, He'll visit you.
He loves every single one of you.
He loves every single one of us unconditionally.
But if you don't know Him tonight, and I'm telling you all this, and you say, "How do I get to go?
What pays my ticket to go to heaven?
How do I?
" It's by accepting Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
It's by dying to self and saying, "Jesus, I don't want any more of the world.
I want You.
I want to tell people about You.
I want to lead them to Christ just like I'm being led to Christ right now.
I want to tell them that there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
" If you're here tonight and you don't know Jesus, you've heard a lot about Him, but does He know you?
That's the bottom line.
Does Jesus know you?
The Bible says in that day that many will come and say, "Lord, I prophesied in Your name.
I laid hands on the sick in Your name.
I cast out devils in Your name.
" And He says, "Depart from me.
I never knew you.
" You could do all those things.
And I've said this a lot.
It takes a little faith to raise the dead.
It takes some faith to cast out a devil.
But you can do all those things and He can say to you, "Depart from me.
I never knew you.
" It's Scripture.
Does He know you?
Does He have a relationship with you?
I'm not talking about works.
I'm not talking about something you tried to do to impress Him.
"By grace you are saved through faith, not of works, lest any man should boast.
" It is by grace.
But I want to tell you it's about a relationship.
It's about Him knowing you.
And if you're here today and you say, "I don't want to go to hell, Brandon.
I don't want to go to hell.
I'm having a really hard time right now.
All people are dying on the news.
You've got cops getting shot in the throat.
You've got stuff going on in Chicago.
You've got war going on, rumors of war.
You've got the war in Israel.
You've got all these things.
" And it's very troubling to the natural mind.
Very troubling.
If you focus on it, it tries to suck you in.
But I'm here to tell you that Jesus Christ paid the price for you not to have to go to hell.
Jesus paid the price for you to not have to have sickness in your body.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory in every area of your life.
But you have never surrendered to Him is what I'm trying to say.
"I surrender to You.
I make You my Lord.
I turn my back on the world and I say I'm all in tonight.
" I want to give you an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
I tell you all these beautiful things that are awaiting the believer—for the person who says, "I'm sold out to Jesus"—the ones when you spend time with Him daily, then He knows you.
That's how you know your wife.
That's how you know your husband, right?
The more you spend time with them, you can say, "I really know him or her," right?
"I know them.
" But if I don't spend time with my wife but once a month or once a year, maybe every once in a while when church is there on Sundays, they'll have an Easter service and I'll go just because it's the right thing to do on an Easter or a Sunday—or a Christmas service, a candlelight service.
We all go as a family because we just want to celebrate Jesus's birth.
"Let's go and have a candlelight service.
" But other than that, you don't ever go through the doorway of a church.
You're just off in La La Land.
I'm talking about the people who are sold out.
He said, "If you're lukewarm, I'll spew you out of my mouth.
" He'd rather you be hot or cold.
"If you're lukewarm, He'll spew you out of His mouth.
" It's time to be hot for Jesus or be cold.
If you don't want to be in it, don't ride the fence is what I'm trying to tell you.
There's no lukewarm.
It's time to be all in.
We are in the last of the last seconds here before the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
He even told Rodney—I was listening to a revival in Tulsa here at the center, and he said the Lord told him we have a window, and he went up into 2028, 2029.
He was saying the Lord told him He gave him a window in 2020 about the COVID and all the things going on.
He said there was a whirlwind that whipped him up, and he got sucked up.
And the Lord told him, "I'm giving you a 10-year window.
" And what have I told you all?
The next Shemitah cycle.
There are a lot of people who say, "I believe it's the 23rd.
I believe it's the next Shemitah cycle," which would be 2028 going into '29.
It's that time frame.
And I believe the Lord has given us a three-year window for a major harvest right now.
And on a scale of eternity, that is nothing.
Nothing.
What will you do with this window of opportunity?
The Lord said, "A great shaking to awaken is here.
" And I'm telling you, if you're here right now and you feel that tugging on the inside of you—and as I've told you all, you feel that stirring on the inside of you—and you say, "Brandon, what must I do to be saved?
" Do you feel that?
The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by Him.
And if you feel that inside, that's the Holy Spirit tugging at your heart.
He's at the door of your life and He's knocking.
"Will you let me help you?
Will you let me change you from the inside out?
" You're broke.
You're busted.
You're disgusted.
Your marriage is strung out.
You're on drugs.
You're strung out on alcohol.
You've got all these problems of sexual perversion.
You've got all these things, and you're trying to fix it yourself.
But Jesus Christ wants to fix your issues and help you turn your mess into a message.
I believe it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
I don't believe in reincarnation.
I don't believe in any other kind of religion other than Jesus Christ.
He's the only way.
The only way to the Father is the Lord Jesus Christ.
So I want you today to make a decision.
I want you to make a decision either way.
You either serve Him or you don't.
It's your choice.
But I pray today you make the right choice.
I pray today that you say, "I'm sold out for Jesus.
" What more do you have?
I believe it's a heaven to gain or a hell to shun.
Do you understand?
There's no in-between.
"Well, I believe we go into nothingness.
I believe we turn into a dove.
" I've heard all kinds of crazy stuff, and I just go, "No.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, or being present in hell.
" The moment you die, the very shoes you put on today to go to work or whatever, the undertaker might be taking them off that evening.
No man knows the day that he's going to go home.
No man knows.
A lot of people might think they know, but nobody truly knows.
I'm going to tell you, I want you to accept Jesus Christ right now.
And I'm going to say this prayer, but I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I need to be saved.
" If this is ministering to you and you are here and you think, "Why?
I don't even know why I clicked on this guy," but it's tugging at you and you feel today's my day for a change, today's my day to turn my back on the devil, today's my day to change what I've been doing—I want to make a clean start.
If you want a clean start today and you're here watching, I want to say a prayer with you.
But I want you to tell us in the chat below.
Jesus died for you publicly.
And I want you to become public about your decision to have Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
So, I'm going to say this prayer right now, and I want you to do it right now as I speak.
Say, "I need to be saved.
" Say, "I need to be saved.
" If you want to be saved tonight, if you want to give your heart to Jesus, I want you to tell in the chat, "I need to be saved.
" Now, I'm going to say a prayer, and I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
I want you to repeat it, and I want you to say it with your whole heart.
I want you to say it, and I want you to mean it.
It doesn't have to be religious, folks.
We got religious Pharisees on every corner.
I'm the furthest thing from being all religious.
I have a relationship.
But I want you to be real.
If you get real with God, God will become real to you.
Then all this fake stuff, he sees right through it all.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner, and I need a savior.
Forgive me of my sins, Lord.
Wash me with your precious blood.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me.
Thank you, Lord, that you died for me.
From this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on it.
I don't want any more to do with that, Father, my past.
But today, Lord, I ask you to give me a new, clean me.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord.
From this day forward, I will serve you with my whole heart.
I am sold out to you.
Have your way with me, Lord.
Help me.
Create in me a clean heart, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name today in the Lamb's Book of Life.
And from this day forward, I'll serve you forevermore.
That's it.
That's as easy as it is right there.
God made a way that even a five-year-old can say that and believe it and get saved.
We make it hard.
So if you just said that prayer, you say to me, "Brandon, what do I do now?
" Well, you find a Bible-believing church.
I would say a non-denominational Bible-believing church that believes in the baptism of the Holy Spirit, preaches a word that will not be a lukewarm word that's watered down like a seeker-friendly, but one that will stir you up from the inside out, get you excited.
Go there on Sundays.
Go there on Wednesdays.
Get plugged into that church.
Find that pastor, whoever's there on staff, and say, "Listen, I need to be water-baptized.
I need to be water-baptized.
" Get water-baptized at that church.
Tell them, say, "I need to make a public declaration that I'm a born-again believer today.
I want to do that.
" And so, when they have a baptismal service, go and get baptized.
Then, read your Bible every single day.
Read your Bible and put sticky notes and all kinds of stuff so you have your favorite passages and read those passages all the time and get that word inside of you and it will change you from the inside out.
Pray, come here and pray with us and be a part of our YouTube channel, and I believe you'll keep going from glory to glory to glory.
Now, if you can't afford a Bible and you just got born again on our broadcast tonight and you can't afford a Bible, Diana, my wife, and I would love to buy you your first Bible.
We want to celebrate your salvation tonight by giving you your first Bible.
So, how do you get that Bible?
I want you to go in the description below.
There's an email address down there.
And you just put in the headline, "I just got saved.
I would like to have my free Bible.
" Whatever.
You just put it in there.
Make it big so my wife will see it.
And so you tell them on that email, whatever.
And my son—I don't know if he has anything to tell you because my wife usually tells you this, but she's busy today—again, I wanted to say, put "I got saved" in the headline, and we'll send it to you.
It'll come through Amazon.
But I just want to tell you all, we celebrate your decision.
We love you, and we're excited that you came to this broadcast tonight to give your heart to Jesus Christ.
I don't believe it's by coincidence.
I believe the Holy Spirit led you here and you don't even realize it.
It's exciting.
So, I don't know how many people got born again tonight, but we praise God for every single one of you, even if it's just one.
All right.
So, now we'll pray a little bit.
How long has this gone tonight, son?
An hour and 14.
Hour and 14 minutes.
We're doing pretty good on time.
We can pray for a little bit.
You want to pray with me?
We can go tubing.
Did that bless you all going over some of the things of Heaven and stuff?
I just thought I would go over that so you have something to look forward to when there's so much negative stuff on the news.
There's so much negative we see on social media right now.
And there's so much stuff that really just bothers you that I feel like giving you some hope, giving you a little bit of an oomph, a wind in your sails to say, "I get it.
I can make it.
I get what's on the other side.
And I'm on my way.
" And he's about to come for us, and hear, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
" Let's just finish strong.
Let's finish strong with what he's given us.
Let's finish strong tonight.
Keep going.
Keep running the race.
"I've fought the good fight, I've finished my course, I've kept the faith.
" We're believing believers.
We're not doubters.
And we're not going to lie down and let the devil run us over.
We're going to stand our ground.
So, how many people want to pray?
Very many.
Well, either way, if there's just a handful of you, it's fine.
Around 200 people got saved.
200 people got saved.
Two to three hundred.
Yeah.
Praise the Lord.
That's wonderful.
The day before was 500.
500 and some odd people, 530 some people got born again.
200 and some whatever it was today.
And then the day before, I think it was six.
So all together in a week, we've done pretty good.
Praise the Lord.
That's a couple thousand people, I guess, right?
Over a thousand.
Yep.
So all glory to Jesus.
They're coming in by the netfuls.
So Father, we just lift up this body before you.
I take communion before I pray.
Father, I lift up the body before you.
And we thank you, Lord, for you.
For you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes we're healed.
We're so grateful for all that you've done for us.
We're so grateful, Father, for dying for us, and you rose again on the third day.
Thank you, Father, that we don't have to be sick in our bodies.
We don't have to have disease.
We thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well by the stripes of Jesus.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done.
Amen.
And amen.
What time is it actually?
Okay.
Father, we plead the blood and we make much of the blood tonight, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us and over this time, and we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, for every single person who's represented here today, we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
And we thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven us of all our sins and you cleanse us from all unrighteousness in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take the blood in Jesus' name.
Lord, we give you praise for it.
We give you praise, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
We thank you, Lord.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, we just worship you tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that you inhabit the praises of your people.
Thank you, Father, that you inhabit the praises of your people.
And we thank you, Lord, that revival is starting with us.
That revival starts with us.
That revival starts with our house.
We're responsible for us, Lord.
And Father, as we get to that point of overflow, I thank you, Lord, that we don't minister out of our reserves, but we minister out of our overflow to those around us because our lamps are full of oil, because we're expecting you to come.
I thank you, Father, those that are dry in spirit, those that are dry right now and they feel that they can't go on anymore.
They just need a fresh touch.
They just need a fresh drink tonight.
Jesus, I thank you that you fill their cup.
Life has made them run dry.
Their life challenges and the bombardment of the thoughts, the bombardment of everything that tries to come against them, has caused them to run dry.
And Jesus, they just need a fresh drink tonight.
They need a fresh touch from the Holy Spirit telling them they have what it takes to finish the race.
You have what it takes to finish the race.
And we believe, Father, that tonight is a fresh start for them.
A refining fire begins inside of them, Father, to change them from glory to glory.
From glory to glory, He's changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing, He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Do you believe that?
Do you believe that tonight?
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing me, changing me, changing me.
Thank you, Lord.
Oh, Lord my God.
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing, He's changing me from earthly things through the heavenlies.
Thank you, Father.
From glory to glory, He's changing you.
He's changing you, He's changing you.
Do you believe it?
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, we just praise you.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you.
Holy Spirit, we praise you and we thank you.
We focus on you right now and we just sit at your feet drinking from the cup in your hand and we magnify your name in all the earth.
Thank you, Father.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you, we praise you, we adore you.
We magnify you, Father.
We magnify you, Lord.
We magnify you, King of Kings and Lord of Lords.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
For in your presence there's healing divine.
Do you believe that?
It's not just about physical healing.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
Your soul is your mind, your will, and your emotions.
He wants you to be prosperous in every area of your life, not to struggle with anything mentally, emotionally, physically.
He wants you whole in every area of your life.
As I sat last night, the Lord was explaining to me what was coming for my life in the next couple of months.
I was allowed to have a glimpse of his love for us.
And I really truly love my children a lot.
I love my wife a lot.
But the love that I have for them is nothing compared to the love that he has for you.
The level of love is what I'm talking about.
The level of love of how much I love my children, how much I love my wife.
He loves me and he loves them more than I love them.
And I love them to the overflow of what I feel.
But what I had a glimpse of, of the love of the Father concerning you, concerning humanity, of how much for God so loved the world that he gave.
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son.
He gave because he loved.
And I love my children a lot.
But I'm going to tell you, I wouldn't want to give my son for you.
But he loved you so much that he gave his Son for you to die.
I couldn't, as I was sitting in my prayer time, and he said, 'I want to show you a glimpse.
I'm going to show you the love that I have for you.
' And the feeling was so overwhelming in my natural body that all I could do was weep, because I go through so many tests and so much refining in my life that it becomes like I feel that it's not so real to me that I go, 'Lord, this is rough.
' But whenever he showed me his love for me, ladies and gentlemen, it is beyond words.
His love for you is beyond words.
When I say, 'Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong.
They are weak, but he is strong.
Yes, Jesus loves me.
The Bible tells me so.
' Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong.
They are weak, but he is strong.
Yes, Jesus loves me.
There's a love, whenever the Bible says that God is love, I thought to myself, what does that really look like?
Yeah, he says die for me, but what is about me that it's personal to me?
It's personal to you.
Yeah, I believe he can heal them.
I can see him doing that for them.
But when does the Bible become personal to you?
Put your name in it.
Does God love me?
Yes, yes he does.
I think a lot of times I tell you so much about God loving you and He has a plan for you, but I stopped for the first time and He said, 'Brandon, do you know I love you?
' I said, 'I believe it to a degree.
I've gone through a lot, and I've heard a lot, and there's a lot of times I felt really abandoned with a lot of things that I go through.
' But for the first time, I sat there in my quiet time and He said, 'I want to show you my love for you.
' And He gave me a glimpse of it.
And He said, 'I love all my kids.
' And I said, 'But bad things happen to good people.
' And with my daughter overcoming autism and the things that I've been through, there's some days it's really fuzzy when you're going through the valley that God loves you.
It's like trying to find and say, 'I this is reality to me.
' It flooded me and I can't explain it with words what I felt.
I called my wife in and I said, 'Listen, I have to tell you what the Father just said.
' And I explained it to the best of my ability with my words, but human words, there's no vocabulary big enough to wrap around the love of the Father.
I can tell you, ladies and gentlemen, all the time that Jesus loves you.
But that is so shallow with those words right there of the love that He truly has for you.
God is love.
God is love and perfect love casteth out all fear.
He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
I was meditating on those scriptures.
The love of God, I believe it's First Corinthians, Second Corinthians 13.
Love is patient.
Love is kind.
Love, you know, because He said the greater glory, the greater the anointing is attached to love.
How much do you love the people?
How much do you love?
How much do you care?
How much love takes no account of a suffered wrong?
No matter how many people try to talk trash about me on YouTube, love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
I forgive them and pray.
He said, 'Pray for those that despitefully use you and come against you when they're saying you're false and you're this and you're that.
' I pray for them.
But the Lord showed me the love that He even has for the deepest, darkest sinner.
He said, 'I wish that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
' He said, 'I let you in on these little things because I feel like it maybe will help you.
' That's something so private with me.
Now, I'm just telling you, I'm a work in progress just like a lot of you all are.
Whenever you're having a hard day or you're having things go on in your life and you go through the challenges of life and you really question, you say, 'God, do you really love me?
Do you really care?
Do you even see that I'm going through this?
Do you even care that I'm going through this?
I'm having a really hard time right now.
' Or, you know what I'm saying?
Going on and saying things.
And you think that you're so abandoned.
You're so broken.
You're so lost.
And in my situation, I was fussing.
And He said, 'I want to show you something.
' And He allowed me to feel it.
He allowed me to see into it.
It was a beautiful glimpse.
It changed me to the point where it gave me a better capacity to be able to reach the lost on here, to be able to really look at it and say He loves everybody.
He loves every tribe.
He loves every tongue.
He loves everybody.
I really don't know where to go with it now after this, to either pray or what, but I just give you just that peace.
I just hope you have that sense of peace tonight to keep going.
And say it out of your mouth: 'My Father loves me.
My Father loves me with an everlasting love.
' No matter how much you skin your knee or how much you think you're abandoned or how much you walk through the valley or how much you thought that such and such died or I went through this, how could God be love if I went through this?
We live in a fallen world and things happen.
Things happen and what the devil means for bad, God will turn it around for good.
I truly believe, even with what happened with Charlie and Erica now saying she's going to rise up, and I saw these prophetic words by Kim Clement given about her in 2011.
Most people probably said, 'Oh, that's a false prophet.
That word didn't come to pass.
' It's 14 years later, brother.
He had that word, he gave that word.
'Oh, that's just a false prophet.
' 14 years later, Kim Clement's word is coming to pass through a lady named Erica.
Amazing.
It was like, I was like, that was so spot-on about the eyes, about everything.
And I thought, isn't that amazing?
What was given 14 years ago is coming to pass today.
It's beautiful, what we're seeing.
A time of grieving, a time of this, but God was going to raise her up and she would pour out the oil upon the schools.
There would be a great revival and there would be things happen.
I thought that was beautiful.
I believe that's that young lady.
But I just want to love on y'all and just tell you all it's going to be okay.
Your storm has an expiration date.
It's never meant for any of us to keep going through the storms of life where you're always living in a storm.
Jesus brings peace to the storm wherever you are tonight.
And we speak to the storms in your life.
We speak to the storm of what you're going through.
And we say, 'Peace, be still.
' That when you put your head on the pillow, you sleep sound, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
That you sleep sound sleep.
And we take authority over insomnia and lack of sleep of all kinds.
And He said in His Word that He gives His beloved restful sleep, just like He did David when Saul and them were trying to kill him.
He gives His beloved restful sleep tonight.
And I just pray a peace that passes all understanding over every single one of you.
That when you put your head on that pillow, when you sleep, you sleep sound.
That your rest is restful.
And that you're refreshed and you get up and you're ready to conquer the world for Jesus Christ.
That we find our peace that passes our understanding in Him and we rest upon His chest spiritually, knowing as He breathes, we breathe.
He gives me every breath.
He gives me my thoughts.
He gives me my speech.
He gives it all to me.
Every good and perfect thing comes from the Father.
And I believe that for you tonight, that as you're watching this, you may think that your life's too off track, but God can turn it on a dime and turn your mess into a message and make your testimony something great that will help somebody else out of the pit of their life.
Glory to God.
How long are we going, honey?
An hour and 46 minutes.
Somebody said, 'You pray for constipation for my 10-month-old baby and she's healed.
She had an anal fissure and it's completely gone now.
' Glory to God.
Praise the Lord.
That is awesome.
So, if you didn't hear that, there was somebody that got healed of a constipation issue.
The baby had an anal fissure and the baby's completely healed and she's going.
And so we give all the glory to Jesus.
Isn't that wonderful?
We had some other people get healed, too.
We've had a lot of testimonies of healings.
And so we're excited about all of them as the people come and they say, 'Brandon, I got healed.
I got healed.
My marriage is better.
' All these things, it's been really wonderful to hear your testimonies.
So, if you got touched by something...
Oh, and then this lady sowed a seed to our 'Prayer Changes Things' for helping us with the Bibles and stuff, right?
She sends us a letter and says, 'You won't believe this.
I sowed the seed and within two weeks, I just had a car given to me by, I believe it was her boss, a 2019 something, and got a...
well, to her it was brand new, it was used, but got a car given to her.
' And she said, 'I just want to tell you your ground was good.
' I said, 'Praise God.
Thank you for helping me get the gospel spread throughout the whole world, by the way.
But I'm excited for you and your testimony of what God did for you as you gave to help us.
' But isn't that wonderful?
I said, 'Isn't Jesus wonderful that she would receive a car, she got her something, and she was so excited.
She showed us a picture of the paperwork or whatever and she showed Diana.
' And so I just get excited for you whenever you know the Bible is real.
'Give, and it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom' if you believe it.
If you believe it, if you sow a seed and you have a need, you'll reap a harvest.
But I thought it was cool.
I just wanted to tell you that testimony because I was like, 'Look at that, Lord.
Look what you did for her.
Thank you.
Thank you, Father, for helping people out.
' When you do things by faith, when you do things by faith, and the Lord gave her a car, I thought that that's over the top, you know.
I thought that was over the top.
God will meet you where you are.
And I thought, "Man, Lord, okay, that's cool.
It stretched me.
" I was like, "Wow, let's believe bigger, you know.
" So, thank the Lord for that.
And there are other people we got—we got all kinds of testimonies of people with financial breakthroughs and healings and marriages getting whole, people that were atheists getting born again, and all kinds of cool stuff.
So I just go, "Wow, where are we in the end times?
" And you know, remember what He said?
"I'm speeding up seedtime and harvest.
" He said the sowers and the reapers will go hand in hand.
The sowers and the reapers will go hand in hand.
Did you show them that moss in the tree?
No.
Somebody put in a shot.
They said, "Is this it?
" That's the tree.
Okay, that's the way it looked.
You can show them about heaven.
It wasn't that thick on the trees, but it was similar.
I see twinkle lights.
I see like an explosion.
I see—but that's a lot—I see almost like what you'd see when you say "TNT," similar to that.
And I see the fire coming out of big, huge trees, and they were wrapped up, and the limbs went way across over the tables, and the green was all coming down, and you could see tulle.
The Lord had—you know, like whenever you see like tulle that's see-through, that looks mesh-like, like ribbon, like long strands of tulle, like thick white stuff, beautiful, like lace, that's better.
And there were lights all in it, and it was all strung out in that moss and stuff, and it looked gorgeous—the reception—and those tables were all underneath the trees just like that.
And as far as the eye could see, there were trees like that, and they're planted, and you could see the limbs, and the limbs went way, way out.
Big, massive oak limbs like in oak trees.
So, whoever thought of that and showed that, that's kind of neat.
It's a visual for you, for the people, for what He has for you.
Oh, what He has.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life.
What more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you.
Oh, how He loves me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
Father, is there anything You want to show us tonight?
I'll pray just a little bit more here, oh Lord.
We thank You, Father.
We worship You, God.
We thank You.
Oh Lord, we magnify You.
Oh Lord, we glorify You, and we lift up Your holy name.
He said no, He wants to focus just on the love.
What He said was, "We're not going to go down that vein today with warnings and the things that He warns.
" He said, "I wanted it to be about love towards My people.
" That's what He said.
I was praying, I heard it.
He said, "Just end it like that.
Tell them about the love.
Tell them about heaven.
Tell them about these things.
" That's how I flow.
I said, "Okay, I get it.
It's not to take something like this and take it into warnings.
It doesn't flow.
" The Holy Spirit flows, and it's beautiful.
It's not the vein tonight.
It's not the vein.
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
That's for tomorrow.
The vein tonight is love.
Remember, I'll tell you this, and then we'll close.
I was having a really hard time again at that time, and I was overcoming something in my body.
Hey y'all, I'm telling you, I'm a work in progress.
But I was lying in bed, and two angels came, and I could see them over in the spirit.
Now, I'm not talking about physical where you—I mean, I'm telling you, I have only had one visitation like that, and it was enough to make me feel like I was going to die.
But because the glory is so strong, you can't stand up.
It melts you like wax.
The glory, when a true angel—I'm talking about when you have this visitation and you're there, and I can look over, but it's a vision.
It's not tangible, but I've only had that one time to the point where I can tell you that I felt like I was going to die from the glory.
And when the Lord visits, I can see Him, but it's not a physical manifestation of flesh.
Okay.
So when I had this, these angels were above, and I was overcoming, and they said, "We're here.
" And the other angel asked what was going on.
To make a long story short, he said to him, "Everything that he needs to know, the most important thing that he needs to know is when he gets to heaven, how did he act and walk in love?
" The one thing that he'll be judged on, the one thing that's the most important thing that he needs to know on this earth.
I heard the other angel talking to the other one.
He said, "How did he act in love and treat the brethren?
How did he treat people?
How did he walk in love?
" That's the most important thing, the angel said.
I'll never forget that.
I heard the angel talking to the other angel, and not going over everything but just telling you, he said, "The most important thing that he needs to know is how did he treat the people?
How did he walk in love?
That's the most important thing you'll be judged on.
How did you treat people?
How did you walk in love toward your brother and your sister?
" Walking in love.
And I saw it so clear: in all that you do, in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God.
You want one more?
You want more?
I'll give you one more.
Okay, yeah, okay.
I'll tell you one more angel story, one more visitation that I've had.
So, I was praying one night, and in the middle of the night, our whole house shook like a bomb went off, and Diana goes, "Somebody's trying to...
" We both woke up at the exact same time, and I said, "Somebody's trying to break into the house.
" So, I flew up out of bed and I went to go check my house to see if anybody was there.
And all of a sudden, my eyes were opened up, and I could see four demons trying to come against us.
And they had big pig noses with scales all over them, very fine, nasty-looking hair.
They had red, slanted eyes, and one was different.
It looked like a shadow.
It was like all blacked out.
And there was another one that looked like a pig.
But they looked really like pigs.
They looked really nasty with scaly-looking skin.
These demons did.
And they were hissing.
And I couldn't see why they were being restrained; they couldn't get to the house.
They were being blocked.
And I thought, "Well, that's weird.
They're still there.
" But first, instantaneously, my flesh started to have fear because of what I was seeing.
And I thought, "Oh no, what is going on?
I see these four demonic spirits trying to come against my house, but they couldn't come in.
" I thought, "What in the world?
" Because I always plead the blood.
I walk around, I anoint my house with oil, and I do all the things, but I knew they shook the house.
And all of a sudden, the Lord let me see these chained angels.
They had their arms locked together, and they were as big as the trees—massive angels.
And they were standing there, and they were laughing at those devils as the devils were hissing and mad because they couldn't come over on top of those angels.
And the angels were just standing there, and they were laughing.
And when I saw it and I was allowed to see it, I said, "Praise God.
" And the angels heard me do that, and they turned back around and they looked at me, and they turned back around like this, and they went, "Praise God.
" And it echoed so loud in the spirit.
It was like it echoed in the neighborhood.
It was loud.
And it startled me because when they yelled, "Praise God," it startled me.
And I was like, "Whoa.
" And I went, "Praise God.
" And all of a sudden they turned back and looked at me, and they went, "Praise God.
" And they started worshiping the Lord.
And this went on for several minutes.
I just kept praising God.
And as I praised God, they started praising the Lord.
They were doing what I was doing.
But as I was worshiping the Lord, I lost track of the devils out in the yard trying to mess with us.
And I gave the glory to the Lord.
I started worshiping, and so we were worshiping as these massive angels were outside my house protecting us, just like the Bible says they'll do, with their swords and their shields drawn.
But they didn't have swords and shields.
They just were linked together with their arms, and they were just worshiping the Lord with me as I was praising the Father.
They were praising the Father.
Then, all of a sudden, the sky opened up, and I could see the portal, and I could see the throne room, and that was it.
But I couldn't make it out because there was too much light.
And the glory of the Lord filled my house.
And the next day, my face was shiny a little bit.
I kid you not.
I had the glory on me.
I could feel the presence of the Lord.
For after that experience, the glory was shining on me, and I didn't even realize it.
All glory to Jesus.
But as they were praising the Lord, they said, "Praise the Lord.
Praise God.
He inhabits the praises of his people.
" And the angels cry, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts.
" They worship him.
They worship him.
He is worthy to be praised, for he's a holy God, ladies and gentlemen.
And those angels worshiped, and I didn't even pay attention to the devils out there anymore because I was just so fixated on the glory.
The more you focus on the glory, everything else will depart.
The more you focus on him, he causes peace in the midst of your storm.
The more you worship him, the more you become like him, the more all this stuff of the world falls at your feet.
Those devils didn't even—I didn't even pay attention.
I don't even know what happened to them.
They went away.
I really don't.
And then he goes, "What happened to the devils?
" I said, "I don't know.
I was just focused on the angels.
Glory to God.
" And they say, "Glory to God.
" Isn't that wonderful?
I was so excited, and I'll never forget it.
"Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible tells me so.
" If you're new here tonight, and you've never subscribed to our channel, could you please help me?
I never ask for anything, y'all.
I want my channel to grow to 1,500,000 people.
I'm believing for more.
He said to believe for a million men and women prayer army that we could pray together.
Well, I'm believing for more.
Let's believe for overflow, you know.
So, I'm believing.
But it takes each and every single one of you liking, subscribing, and becoming part of this, our beautiful prayer channel, and knowing that we are raising up men and women for such a time as this.
We're praying together as a family, and we believe that we can change things through prayer.
So, if you can subscribe, if you could comment something nice down below, if you could give us a thumbs up and not a thumbs down, we really appreciate it.
We really do.
And so, we'll end it with that.
From glory to glory, he's changing us.
And know he has such a plan for every single one of you.
He loves you.
So, how do we say it?
We put a smile on our face and a song in our heart.
Jesus loves us so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Thank you for joining me.
I don't know how many are even here.
My wife is not here to tell me.
6,300.
Isn't that wonderful?
So, all glory to Jesus.
All glory to Jesus.
So, we talked about the angels.
Is that something new?
You had the one at the gas station.
Yeah, we had the one at the gas station.
I was at the gas station.
Braden, my son, he's behind the camera over here.
He said, "I want you to tell them about the gas station.
" So, I was in a really bad part of the neighborhood, and I was in a sketchy neighborhood, and I was filling up with gas, and I thought, "Man, I've got to fill up with gas quick because I don't want to get jumped.
" That's how bad it was.
And so, I started putting the gas in the car, and I'm trying to be really, really attentive to my surroundings because I'm thinking somebody might try to rob me.
So, I'm filling up with gas, and all of a sudden the Lord says, "There's more that is with you than what there is with them.
There's more that is with you than there are with them.
Look.
" And I saw this massive angel, and he was standing there with me as he opened my eyes to the spirit realm.
"There's more that is with you than there are with them, Braden.
" And I could see the angel, and he was there, and he was protecting me, and his eyes were peeled.
He was watching everybody.
He was guarding.
He was watching over me.
And I thought, "Oh well, I don't have nothing to fear there.
" Look at that.
There's more that is with me than there are with them.
Do you understand how much Jesus loves you?
The spirit realm is more real than the natural.
This water is real, but the spirit realm is even more real.
When you die, you go over to that place.
And I'm telling you, it's more real than the natural.
The very, very air around you is so active with angels and demonic.
But so many people don't even realize the angels are there to protect them.
You don't utilize them.
They just stand there until you—I say, "Angels of the Lord, thank you that you're protecting me.
Thank you that the Lord has commissioned you to watch over me and protect me, that you bear me up in your hands lest I dash my foot against a stone.
" And they're there.
The Lord said he's an ever-present help in a time of need.
But we need to utilize what God has given us as blood-bought, born-again believers and know that he gives us angels to protect us.
He gives his angels to protect us.
And I saw him.
I used to see George a lot.
I called him George because he would never tell me.
He never tells me his name, my angel, but I know what he looks like.
And I call him Big George because he doesn't tell me his name.
But he has these huge sausage fingers.
Massive, huge hands.
Huge.
Like, you know, you can see some really big men and they have big hands.
But George, his hands are huge, and his hands are massive.
And people make fun of that.
They say, "I don't believe that.
" I don't care what you believe.
I see him.
I've talked to him.
And I don't make an attempt to talk to an angel.
Don't entertain that.
Don't do that.
You get snared by familiar spirits.
But I'm going to tell you this.
The angels of the Lord are sent to those who are the heirs of salvation.
I talk to the Father.
I never give angels praise.
I never, never, never, never—I seek him.
But just like when Gabriel came and he gave Mary the word and told her what was coming with Jesus, angels will be sent to help you.
Angels came and he spoke to Joseph.
He speaks to Daniel, giving messages, doing things.
They're sent to help, not for entertainment and, "Hey, let's fist bump, have a piece of coconut pie together.
" That's not what it is.
People get weird, but they're sent as ministering spirits sent to help you.
And that's when the Lord told me.
He says, "You're about to start your healing phase of your ministry.
And I've assigned four angels to work with you.
I'll tell you that.
" And I saw these four angels.
And he said, "These four angels will work with you in services in the days ahead.
" And they'll bring body parts.
They'll bring things for creative miracles, and signs and wonders will follow your ministry.
And people will be healed from all kinds of things, and these four angels will work with you, and as you grow, I'll give you more.
So, I'm expecting because I saw them, they were beautiful.
The Lord allowed me to see the four, and they were beautiful.
They had armor on that was the most beautiful armor I've ever seen.
And they all had—these angels had facial hair.
That's kind of neat.
Some angels don't have armor.
Some angels have things on their heads.
And I see they look like Greek, you know, they have those olive leaves, or whatever it is, maybe not, it's like some kind of thing on their head, and they usually have a gown on, but they look like scholars.
I've seen warriors and I've seen scholars.
Not all angels have wings.
I'll tell you that too.
When I'm allowed to see them, some of them have wings, some of them don't.
And some of them, their wings are massive.
But sometimes the angels don't, and I don't understand why.
I've understood why some angels don't have wings, and some don't.
It's like the demonic realm.
I never really talk about it, but I see a lot over there.
And I don't give them...
because every single time, I'm going to tell you this.
If you're talking about the devil, I want you to hear me.
This is something you probably should hear before we go.
If you're always talking about the devil behind every bush, it's what becomes bigger in your life.
That which you give lip service to with your mouth becomes bigger.
What you speak about the most and give it more.
Life and death is in the power of your tongue.
And the more you give the devil glory by telling about what the devil's doing in your life all the time, he becomes bigger.
That which you focus on the most becomes bigger.
I've seen it.
And the more you talk about how the devil's doing this and the devil's doing that, and I have this demon, he's doing over this, and I got this Leviathan, and I've got this devil over here, and this devil, and I feel like the devil's just chasing me around.
And you talk about the devil: devil, devil, devil, devil.
Well, guess who becomes bigger in your life?
The devil.
And the more you focus on him, the more you talk about him, he loves it because he gets inflated with pride.
This is his M.
O.
He loves to be exalted.
And the more you exalt him, the bigger he gets in your life because that's what you give the focus to.
So I don't talk about the demonic very often.
I don't.
You can ask my kids.
I don't do it because I learned.
I saw what they do, and they get puffed up, and they love the pride.
And the more you talk to them, the more you exalt them, they get puffed up.
I could see one that was really, really small become really, really big because you believed in it more than you believed in Jesus.
What do you believe in most?
Fear is faith in the ability to hurt you.
You have more faith in the ability of the devil against you than the God that is for you who can be against you.
When you have more faith in that ability to hurt you, then it becomes bigger in your life.
And I've seen it.
And you start to give the devil an inch, he'll take a mile.
And I've seen them.
These devils, they come in, they look all defeated.
And I thought, 'What gives a demon strength?
' Satanic witchcraft, blood sacrifice, things like that.
But when you fear it, when you believe it has the ability to hurt you, when you believe and have pride and you focus on it, 'Oh yeah, you're this.
Well, he's in my house, he's messing with my dreams.
' You know, I plead the blood.
You go on.
And I have faith in the ability that God is going to protect me more than faith in the ability that the devil will hurt me.
I refuse to give him an inch.
And the more you give him lip service talking about it, the bigger he becomes.
And so many Christians do it all the time.
But the more I say, 'God, I know that there's more that is with me than there are with them.
I believe that Jesus Christ is with me.
I believe that He sent His angels to keep charge over me.
There are more that are with me than there are with them.
' Open your eyes!
And there were, what, the chariots of fire, remember?
But that's what it should be with you.
There's even stories I've heard of an African tribe that were going to kill these missionaries, and the people started praying and worshiping, and all of a sudden the next day those men set them free and said, 'It's because of the guys in white.
It's because of the huge men in white that we had to let you go.
' I know that God has given His angels charge over us to protect us.
I've seen them, folks, time and time again, time and time again.
Now, yes, I have seen the demonic a lot on people, on things, but I know they're already defeated.
They have let the devil have access to their life.
They have let them in.
You cannot cast out a devil that you want to be a friend to.
You cannot get free from a devil that you want to be buddies with.
So many people want to be buddies with the devil, and I say, 'No, not me.
' I have been there.
I have been bound by the demonic, and Jesus set me free.
Jesus set me free.
I don't ever talk about that either, but I was bound by that for a long time, and the Lord set me free.
And I have learned, do not give an inroad for the devil to mess with you.
And in this, I have these visions, these encounters with the Lord, and I've seen so much.
The Lord has allowed me to, so I'm so thankful for it.
I don't take it for granted.
So, all right.
There you go.
God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.